Update Readme.md (#2)
DevExpress-Examples/checkcombobox-emulation-for-multiple-editors-e2317: Readme.md

<!-- default badges list -->
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Open_in_DevExpress_Support_Center-FF7200?style=flat-square&logo=DevExpress&logoColor=white)](https://supportcenter.devexpress.com/ticket/details/E2317)
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/📖_How_to_use_DevExpress_Examples-e9f6fc?style=flat-square)](https://docs.devexpress.com/GeneralInformation/403183)
<!-- default badges end -->

> # DropDownEdit for ASP.NET Web Forms - How to emulate combo box with multiple selection

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# DropDownEdit for ASP.NET Web Forms - How to emulate a combo box with multiple selections
```
